# XRAYUI Changelog

## [0.23.2] - 20225-01-19

- IMPROVED: backend with cosmetic changes.
- ADDED: wan_ip property to app.html front-end.
- ADDED: QR code generation for VLESS and VMESS connections.
- IMPROVED: error handling for missing config.json, added generate_default_config.

## [0.23.1] - 2025-01-18

- ADDED: Excluded `STUN` (WebRTC) traffic from Xray routing to resolve compatibility issues with video conferencing applications (e.g., Zoom, Microsoft Teams).
- UPDATED: Improved confidentiality by removing Xray server IPs from being exposed in the logs.
- REMOVED: unused iptables `nat` rules for a `client tproxy` operation mode

## [0.23.0] - 2025-01-18

- ADDED: Numerous hints and detailed help texts for fields; almost all fields now have detailed descriptions.
- ADDED: GitHub `geosite` domain list community link for quicker access (`Routing` section).
- ADDED: User confirmation dialog for deleting items from the form/config.
- ADDED: `Domain Strategy` field in the `sockopt` configuration.
- UPDATED: Show/hide of some transport fields based on proxy type (`inbound` vs. `outbound`).
- FIXED: Display issue with the autogenerated rule name when a user's custom name is provided.
- FIXED: Incorrect description for the `Wireguard` inbound.
- IMPROVED: Minor cosmetic changes to front-end styles.

## [0.22.2] - 2025-01-17

- ADDED: give custom friendly names to the routing rules (added `name` field).
- ADDED: Log an error when curl failed to download/update `geosite` files.
- REMOVED: doublicate `testconfig` invokation form the `xrayui` script
- IMPROVED: minor cosmetic `xrayui` script fixes.
- IMPROVED: routing rules display names and enhance summary.
- IMPROVED: Refactor routing object sotring in json to be optional and update normalization logic.

## [0.22.1] - 2025-01-16

- FIXED: The `Toggle Xray startup on reboot` checkbox occasionally reverted to its previous state.

## [0.22.0] - 2025-01-15

- ADDED: An option to toggle Xray startup on router reboot (enable/disable) (available under `Connection Status`).
- ADDED: Introduced a Transparent Proxy `Mark` field in the `sockopt` configuration.
- ADDED: Added an `Outbound network interface` field in the `sockopt` configuration.
- ADDED: Implemented `sockopt object` normalization.
- IMPROVED: Redesigned outbound proxy server lookup to exclude entries from the NAT and MANGLE tables (issue #3).
- IMPROVED: Refactored client firewall rules configuration by separating DIRECT and TPROXY rules (issue #3).
- IMPROVED: Simplified and optimized the firewall rules cleanup process.
- UPDATED: Increased `configuration apply` time from 5 seconds to 10 seconds to ensure the Xray service fully restarts.
- REMOVED: Deprecated shell functions `client add` and `client delete` .

## [0.21.1] - 2025-01-13

- REMOVED: Comment out redundant iptables rules for TCP DNS redirection (persistent android issue)

## [0.21.0] - 2025-01-13

- ADDED: Support for dynamic changelog display.
- FIXED: Routing issues for Wi-Fi-connected devices by adding OUTPUT chain rules to process locally generated traffic.
- FIXED: DNS redirection inconsistencies by applying rules for both UDP and TCP DNS traffic (dport 53, 853).
- ADDED: Exclusion of traffic destined for the Xray server (SERVER_IP) to prevent routing loops.
- ADDED: Explicit exemption for NTP traffic (dports 123, 323) to ensure reliable time synchronization.
- ADDED: Logging for dropped packets in the XRAYUI chain to facilitate debugging.
- ADDED: PID file check before restarting XRAY server so XRAY is restarted only when it runs
- IMPROVED: Consistent marking of intercepted traffic with 0x8777 for proper routing via table 8777.

## [0.20.1] - 2025-01-12

- ADDED: Custom Scripts for Firewall Rules/IPTABLES (see readme)
- FIXED: wireless devices are not able to connect when enabling xray in a client mode
